README.md, before:

## Table of Contents

## About
This project is a  javascript-based memory card game whereby

- Users can create an account / login ( details stored in session storage )
- Users can play without an account
- Logged in users' high scores are saved in the browser's local storage and displayed

## Technology/Tool used 
- HTML/CSS
- Vanilla JS
- PHP
- Browser local storage & session storage

## UI

### Homepage
![Homepage](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/homepage.png)

### Game page
![Game page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Gameplay.png)

### Login page
![Login page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Login.png)


### Sign up page
![Sign up page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Signup.png)

### Rankings page
![Rankings page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Rankings.png)

### Rules page
![Rules page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Rules.png)

### Game (mobile screen)
![Game (mobile screen)](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Responsive.png)

Commit message:

Add project clone info to README

README.md, after:

## Table of Contents

## About
This project is a  javascript-based memory card game whereby

- Users can create an account / login ( details stored in session storage )
- Users can play without an account
- Logged in users' high scores are saved in the browser's local storage and displayed

## Technology/Tool used 
- HTML/CSS
- Vanilla JS
- PHP
- Browser local storage & session storage

## How to run this project on your computer
To run this project on your computer, you will need to use XAMPP or a similar tool to set up a local server environment. 

Here are the steps to run the project:

1. Install XAMPP or any other local server tool of your choice.
2. Clone the repository to your local machine.
3. Navigate to the `htdocs` folder in your XAMPP installation directory.
4. Copy the cloned repository into the `htdocs` folder with the command `git clone https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-memory-game.git`
5. Start the XAMPP control panel and start the Apache server.
6. Open your web browser and enter `http://localhost/Javascript-memory-game` in the address bar.
7. You should now be able to access the project and play the game.

Please note that the exact steps may vary depending on your specific setup. Make sure to adjust the file paths accordingly if you are using a different local server tool.

## UI

### Homepage
![Homepage](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/homepage.png)

### Game page
![Game page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Gameplay.png)

### Login page
![Login page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Login.png)


### Sign up page
![Sign up page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Signup.png)

### Rankings page
![Rankings page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Rankings.png)

### Rules page
![Rules page](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Rules.png)

### Game (mobile screen)
![Game (mobile screen)](https://github.com/haingo-raz/Javascript-Memory-Game/blob/master/assets/UI/Responsive.png)
